README.md, before:

# Laravel 8 project for managing expenses and income

It is a demo project for demonstrating what can be generated with [QuickAdminPanel](https://quickadminpanel.com) tool.

Features:
- CRUDs for income/expenses and their categories
- Monthly reports by income/expenses and their categories
- Multi-tenancy: Ability to register new user who sees only their categories/entries (admin sees all).
- Based on [CoreUI Free Theme](https://coreui.io) (Bootstrap 4)

![Expense manager screenshot](https://laraveldaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/laravel-expenses-manager-reports.png)

![Expense manager screenshot currency](https://laraveldaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/laravel-expenses-manager-table.png)

## How to use

- Clone the repository with __git clone__
- Copy __.env.example__ file to __.env__ and edit database credentials there
- Run __composer install__
- Run __php artisan key:generate__
- Run __php artisan migrate --seed__ (it has some seeded data for your testing)
- That's it: launch the main URL and login with default credentials __admin@admin.com__ - __password__

## License

Basically, feel free to use and re-use any way you want.

---

## More from our LaravelDaily Team

- Check out our adminpanel generator [QuickAdminPanel](https://quickadminpanel.com)
- Read our [Blog with Laravel Tutorials](https://laraveldaily.com)
- FREE E-book: [50 Laravel Quick Tips (and counting)](https://laraveldaily.com/free-e-book-40-laravel-quick-tips-and-counting/)
- Subscribe to our [YouTube channel Laravel Business](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTuplgOBi6tJIlesIboymGA)
- Enroll in our [Laravel Online Courses](https://laraveldaily.teachable.com/)
# Invoice-management
# Invoice-management
# Invoice-management
# Invoice-management

Commit message:

design logo invoice and payment added

README.md, after:

# Laravel 8 project for managing invoices and payment

It is a demo project for demonstrating what can be generated with [QuickAdminPanel](https://quickadminpanel.com) tool.

Features:
- CRUDs for payment/invoices and their categories
- Monthly reports by payment/invoices and their categories
- Multi-tenancy: Ability to register new user who sees only their categories/entries (admin sees all).
- Based on [CoreUI Free Theme](https://coreui.io) (Bootstrap 4)

![Invoice manager screenshot](https://laraveldaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/laravel-invoices-manager-reports.png)

![Invoice manager screenshot currency](https://laraveldaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/laravel-invoices-manager-table.png)

## How to use

- Clone the repository with __git clone__
- Copy __.env.example__ file to __.env__ and edit database credentials there
- Run __composer install__
- Run __php artisan key:generate__
- Run __php artisan migrate --seed__ (it has some seeded data for your testing)
- That's it: launch the main URL and login with default credentials __admin@admin.com__ - __password__

## License

Basically, feel free to use and re-use any way you want.

---

## More from our LaravelDaily Team

- Check out our adminpanel generator [QuickAdminPanel](https://quickadminpanel.com)
- Read our [Blog with Laravel Tutorials](https://laraveldaily.com)
- FREE E-book: [50 Laravel Quick Tips (and counting)](https://laraveldaily.com/free-e-book-40-laravel-quick-tips-and-counting/)
- Subscribe to our [YouTube channel Laravel Business](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTuplgOBi6tJIlesIboymGA)
- Enroll in our [Laravel Online Courses](https://laraveldaily.teachable.com/)
# Invoice-management
# Invoice-management
# Invoice-management
# Invoice-management
